Okay, let's get serious now.

Here are my options, I have exactly 2 and a half days for this. So here are my options.

A:
    Help the stutterer complete his sentence by replacing hard to pronounce words with a list of alternatives on the fly.
    This can be achieved using GPT2, I'm not quite sure few pages of Jordanian dialect is enough for a proof of concept.

    This will require the following part
        1- lightsail instance for the webpage
                this webpage will just open an audio stream to the transcriber which is gonna be google api since amazon transcribe doesn't support arabic let alone the jordanian accent.
                    this part is easier said than done. It might be actually harder than the GPT2
        2- figure enough of AWS archeticture to manage to deploy a GPT on it, damn that 7:30AM lecture would've been useful lol.
        3- finally, send the sentence to GPT and predict possible completions.
        4- send this list back to the webpage and display them for the stutterer.
    And I just slowly realized I'm building a fancy autocomplete engine.. FML.

B:
    Actually remove the stutter from the voice. Can be a .wav file. This way at least I won't have to deal with streams.
    There is however one downside for this solution. I have no idea where to begin other than it would be MFCC and require a massive dataset
    The chances of me pulling this off in 2 days are practically zero.


wait wait wait. Actually there might be a way out of this mess that would actually solve the problem

C: Do the auditary delayed thingy, It's scientifically proven to help. But augment it with a speech to text solution.
    I'm not sure if this exactly qualifies as A.I, but both reading your words AND hearing delayed voice are proven to help stutterers.
    It's still a fancy voice recorder augmented with a transcriber, but I hope that the other teams aren't doing much better.


COME ON. THIS IS NOT THE TIME FOR BRAIN BLOCKS. HOW CAN I USE AI TO SOLVE STUTTERING IN 48 FREAKING HOURS.

So much for a serious document.

Wait, could i use facial ques to detect stuttering?
yes, yes I could. And I can do it in 2 days, however it won't solve stuttering.
mhmm.. how about activating the delayed auditary thingy whenever the AI detects a stutter?

BTW, If you work in amazon and is reading this, I'm typing it because I remember something about having to commit often, I didn't attend the rules lecture so I might be mistaken. Sorry, but this helps me think and you have to endure it.

Hahaha I have a feeling in the end I'll have to just make the fancy voice recorder and commit it in the last 2 hours.

Ok so after quick experimntation, it's not as easy as I assumed to transcribe arabic audio on the fly using python.
There is no solution anywhere online that does that. The only one is made for android and using it would complicate things
even further.

So, YOLO, let's try to actually remove the stutter from an audio file.

The only thing I hate is that in the end, if I pull it off, it won't look that impressive in the demo video.
I'm quite sure the winner will be someone who made a face recognition app that tell you if you're happy or sthn.
No one will notice that for what I'm doing, there is almost non-existent solutions online that I can borrow from.
For whoever is reading this mess. I love you. Please feel my pain. I promise I will put more work than copy pasting a face recognition NN.


Let's see how it goes. No going back now.

WAIT WAIT WAIT.
What if.. hear me out. What if, I detect if a stutter is happening and I adjust the delayed auditary feedback accordingly by adding a bit more delay or changing the pitch.
AND THEN.. find the configuration that leads to the least amount of stutter?
Okay, hold that though. Let's see if I can detect stutter to begin with. Back to reading.
Wouldn't it be funny if I made a device that shocks the stutter once it detects stuttering? Could it work perhaps?
LMFAO I'm so getting disqualified.